Enhance Cloud Service FAQs When EPS Limits Are Exceeded (#7728)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/cloud-service/getting-started/starting-faq.rst

What happens if the average/peak EPS is exceeded?
----------------------------------------------------

> If you send more events per second than allowed by the average/peak EPS setting, events start queuing, and if the queue becomes full, the incoming events will be discarded, which may lead to potential event loss. Wazuh managers use default queue and buffer values to handle event processing. These default settings are located within the :ref:`internal options </user-manual/reference/internal-options.html#analysisd>` section for analysisd. Please note that Wazuh reserves the right to change these default values without prior notice to ensure optimal performance and service improvement in client environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of events per second (EPS) exceeds the allowed average/peak limit, events start queueing. Once the queue is full, new events are discarded. The queue and buffer settings are located in the :ref:`internal options for analysisd <ossec_internal_analysisd>`. New releases might change the default values to maintain optimal performance and improve service.
```
